# microsoft-code-fun-do
#After the disaster has occurred: We would like to make an app in which people will continuously get weather report, also during the situation of a flood, people will have information about nearby places where food will be available, people can call out for help if they are facing some problem, so that any nearby authority (relief camp) or for that matter any citizen willing to help and has a proper mode of transport can provide support. If a particular person is trapped in a flood he or she can inform his or her exact location so that nearby areas or locality which are currently not affected may be well informed and thus can take preventive measures to save their own as well as people residing nearby lives. Also using global positioning system technology the app will be integrated with google maps so that it contains the information of the nearby relief camps and will guide affected people towards it.

#Before the disaster: Suppose that there is some area in which flood is predicted in the next few hours and that area needs to be evacuated. People can enter their location and where they want to go. People with proper mode of transport can also enter where they are heading and how many other people they can take with themselves. This can create a proper transport network so that people are safe well before the actual disaster occurs. The app will be updated regularly so that people are well aware of the preventive measured of flood like  Seal walls in basements with waterproofing compounds to avoid seepage, Construct barriers (levees, beams, floodwalls) to stop floodwater from entering your home, etc. People should be informed about the difference between a flood watch and a flood warning. A watch means flooding is possible. A warning means flooding is occurring or will occur soon. This all information will be made available on the app.
